added description for sending m2m messages on a specific output (#6082)
Azure/iotedge: doc/edgehub-api.md

```
devices/TestEdgeDevice/modules/TestModule/#
```
Depending on the routing settings, the routing may define an [input name](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/iot-edge/module-composition?view=iotedge-2020-11#sink), which will be attached to the topic when a message is getting forwarded. Also, Edge Hub (and the original sender) adds parameters to the message which is encoded in the topic structure. The following example shows a message routed with input name "TestInput". This message was sent by a module called "SenderModule", which name is also encoded in the topic:
```
devices/TestEdgeDevice/modules/TestModule/inputs/TestInput/%24.cdid=TestEdgeDevice&%24.cmid=SenderModule
```

> M2M routing also can define an [output name](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/iot-edge/module-composition?view=iotedge-2020-11#source). Output names help when messages from a module need to be routed to different destinations. When a module wants to send a message on a specific output, it sends the message as an regular telemetry message, except that it adds an additional system property to it. This system property is '\$.on'. The '\$' sign needs to be url encoded and it becomes %24 in the topic name. The following example shows a telemetry message sent with the output name 'alert':

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Modules can also send messages on a specific [output name](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/iot-edge/module-composition?view=iotedge-2020-11#source). Output names help when messages from a module need to be routed to different destinations. When a module wants to send a message on a specific output, it sends the message as an regular telemetry message, except that it adds an additional system property to it. This system property is '\$.on'. The '\$' sign needs to be url encoded and it becomes %24 in the topic name. The following example shows a telemetry message sent with the output name 'alert':
```
